Deploy Self-Hosted GitHub Actions Runner on GCP Arm (#7)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/github-on-arm/background.md

---
title: "Background"

weight: 2

layout: "learningpathall"
---

> ## What is the C4A Machine Series (Google Cloud Axion Arm)?

Author: ```suggestion
## Google Axion C4A series
```

> The C4A series is Google Cloud's latest general-purpose VM family powered by Axion, a custom Arm Neoverse V2 CPU. It offers high performance, energy efficiency, and up to 100 Gbps networking—ideal for compute-heavy workloads like CI/CD, web servers, and ML inference.

Author: ```suggestion
The Google Axion C4A series is a family of Arm-based virtual machines built on Google’s custom Axion CPU, which is based on Arm Neoverse-V2 cores. Designed for high-performance and energy-efficient computing, these VMs offer strong performance ideal for modern cloud workloads such as CI/CD pipelines, microservices, media processing, and general-purpose applications.

The C4A series provides a cost-effective alternative to x86 VMs while leveraging the scalability and performance benefits of the Arm architecture in Google Cloud.
```

> The C4A series is Google Cloud's latest general-purpose VM family powered by Axion, a custom Arm Neoverse V2 CPU. It offers high performance, energy efficiency, and up to 100 Gbps networking—ideal for compute-heavy workloads like CI/CD, web servers, and ML inference.

Author: Remove this explanation and add as below:
---------------------------------------------------------------
The Google Axion C4A series is a family of Arm-based virtual machines built on Google’s custom Axion CPU, which is based on Arm Neoverse-V2 cores. Designed for high-performance and energy-efficient computing, these VMs offer strong performance ideal for modern cloud workloads such as CI/CD pipelines, microservices, media processing, and general-purpose applications.
The C4A series provides a cost-effective alternative to x86 VMs while leveraging the scalability and performance benefits of the Arm architecture in Google Cloud.
To learn more about Google Axion, refer to the blog ["Introducing Google Axion Processors, our new Arm-based CPUs"](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/compute/introducing-googles-new-arm-based-cpu).

The Google Axion VM instances are of below serie: 

> * The general-purpose `C4A` virtual machine series. 

Author: remove it.
